Add manufacturer, model, and model_id filtering to entity filter selector (#43538)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/blueprint/selectors.markdown

> An example entity selector that, will only show entities that are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example entity selector that shows only entities that are:
```
